>> Brian Holt: So at this point we're
going to talk about some of the tooling
around react.
[COUGH] Which if you are working in
a project, you'll have a back end and
a build process authority
that's been built for you and
you don't have to worry about tooling.
You can go ahead and kinda lightly skim
over the NPM easily in prettier and
parcel parts of this particular course,
that's gonna teach you the tools of
how to build your own React project.
Throughout the rest of the day,
we'll still be talking about various
things that you'll need to
add to these configurations,
which you might have to do in
order to keep up with the course.
But these are not necessarily
things that you need to know,
if you're not building your own
new project with your own tools.
So you can just go ahead and
probably skip to the JSX section.
I want to take a break from React just for
a second to kind of focus
on our tools a little bit.
Right now, we're building everything and
by compiling or kind of ourselves by
the browser and bringing all the script
tags together and all that kind of stuff.
And that doesn't really work super well,
especially over time, right?
If I had to include all of the right
components in the right order inside of my
index.html, that's gonna get
real tedious really fast, right?
So what I wanna do is I wanna bring in
some tools that are gonna help keep our
code quality high,
help us be more productive, and
let us organize our code
a little bit better right?
Right now, we have two components
in one file, let me say,
that will almost never happen.
Every component should
typically have its own file.
Even if the file is only five lines long,
that's okay,
you should probably still do that.
You should always do that,
I never put two components in one file.
So let's go and start with that.
>> Brian Holt: The first thing
is that we're gonna install or
that you've probably hopefully have
already installed is something called npm.
It comes along with Node, so if you
have not installed NodeJS at this point,
please go to NodeJS.org and install Node.
It should work on any platform
that you're following along with.
>> Brian Holt: Along
when you install Node,
you'll also get the latest version on npm.
I think, I'm using 10,
let me just make sure what
version of Node, I'm using nine.
I probably should be using ten but
in all honesty,
we're not gonna be using Node that much.
That it's gonna matter as long
as you're above probably six.
If you're above six you should be fine,
but
I would recommend you be on eight or ten.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so npm does
not stand for node package manager.
They won't tell you what it stands for but
it's also the node package manager, so
I just kinda say it's
the node package manager.
[LAUGH] But, It also includes
everything for the frontend, as well.
So React, for example, is also an npm.
So it's also kind of, the build system and
package registry for
the frontend, as well.
So what we're gonna do is, we're
gonna come to our command line again.
And we're gonna go to our root
directory of wherever your project is.
Mine's here in fem.
So I'm gonna say here npm init, like that.
And I don't really wanna ask you a bunch
of questions if you Don't say -y,
-y means, just say yes to all
the questions, I don't care.
So now, it generates this package.json.
So if you look here,
I have a package.json file as well.
This is kind of the manifest for
your project.
So inside the manifest here,
I can define all my dependencies,
I can define tasks that need to happen.
It's a really useful thing for
having for front end projects, okay.
>> Brian Holt: Some of this is not right,
it doesn't have an author.
It says, if I run npm run test,
it's gonna say, hey,
you haven't defined what tests are, right.
Error, no test specified.
But in any case, we'll fix all
that kind of as we go along here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now, if we go over here,
I'll get rid of that,
>> Brian Holt: And
now, if we can open our package.json, you
can see here there's just not a ton in it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now as we start
installing dependencies in our projects.
It's gonna start saving these
dependencies so that later,
if you wanna give this project to your
friend, your friend can also bring in this
project, install its dependencies and
build your project, right?
So it's making your
code more shareable and
reproducible which is really important.
Any questions about npm?
Question that I often get here is,
what about Yarn?
Which previous versions of
this course do use yarn.
I'm fine with both of them.
Both install things from the npn registry.
They're just two different clients for
installing the things from
the registry and they're both great.
So whatever one you choose
to use is fine with me.
I'm gonna be using npn for
the rest of this course but
you are welcome to use yarn.
Just yeah, you gonna have to translate
all the things in your head.
But they both work great.